# PROJECT
> Generated by [`prisma-markdown`](https://github.com/samchon/prisma-markdown)

- [Articles](#articles)

## Articles
```mermaid
erDiagram
"attachment_files" {
  String id PK
  String name
  String extension "nullable"
  String url
  DateTime created_at
}
"bbs_articles" {
  String id PK
  DateTime created_at
  DateTime deleted_at "nullable"
}
"bbs_article_snapshots" {
  String id PK
  String bbs_article_id FK
  String format
  String title
  String body
  DateTime created_at
}
"bbs_article_snapshot_files" {
  String id PK
  String bbs_article_snapshot_id FK
  String attachment_file_id FK
  Int sequence
}
"bbs_article_comments" {
  String id PK
  String bbs_article_id FK
  String parent_id FK "nullable"
  DateTime created_at
  DateTime deleted_at "nullable"
}
"bbs_article_comment_snapshots" {
  String id PK
  String bbs_article_comment_id FK
  String format
  String body
  DateTime created_at
}
"bbs_article_comment_snapshot_files" {
  String id PK
  String bbs_article_comment_snapshot_id FK
  String attachment_file_id FK
  Int sequence
}
"bbs_article_snapshots" }|--|| "bbs_articles" : article
"bbs_article_snapshot_files" }o--|| "bbs_article_snapshots" : snapshot
"bbs_article_snapshot_files" }o--|| "attachment_files" : file
"bbs_article_comments" }o--|| "bbs_articles" : article
"bbs_article_comments" }o--o| "bbs_article_comments" : parent
"bbs_article_comment_snapshots" }|--|| "bbs_article_comments" : comment
"bbs_article_comment_snapshot_files" }o--|| "bbs_article_comment_snapshots" : snapshot
"bbs_article_comment_snapshot_files" }o--|| "attachment_files" : file
```

### `attachment_files`
Attachment File.

Every attachment files that are managed in current system.

For reference, it is possible to omit one of file name or extension like 
`.gitignore` or `README` case, but not possible to omit both of them.

**Properties**
  - `id`: 
  - `name`
    > File name, except extension.
    > 
    > If there's file `.gitignore`, then its name is an empty string.
  - `extension`
    > Extension.
    > 
    > Possible to omit like `README` case.
  - `url`: URL path of the real file.
  - `created_at`: Creation time of file.

### `bbs_articles`
Article entity.

`bbs_articles` is a super-type entity of all kinds of articles in the 
current backend system, literally shaping individual articles of 
the bulletin board.

And, as you can see, the elements that must inevitably exist in the 
article, such as the title or the body, do not exist in the `bbs_articles`, 
but exist in the subsidiary entity, [bbs_article_snapshots](#bbs_article_snapshots), as a 
1: N relationship, which is because a new snapshot record is published 
every time the article is modified.

The reason why a new snapshot record is published every time the article 
is modified is to preserve the evidence. Due to the nature of e-community, 
there is always a threat of dispute among the participants. And it can 
happen that disputes arise through articles or comments, and to prevent 
such things as modifying existing articles to manipulate the situation, 
the article is designed in this structure.

In other words, to keep evidence, and prevent fraud.

**Properties**
  - `id`: 
  - `created_at`: Creation time of article.
  - `deleted_at`
    > Deletion time of article.
    > 
    > To keep evidence, do not delete the article, but just mark it as 
    > deleted.

### `bbs_article_snapshots`
Snapshot of article.

`bbs_article_snapshots` is a snapshot entity that contains the contents of
the article, as mentioned in [bbs_articles](#bbs_articles), the contents of the 
article are separated from the article record to keep evidence and prevent 
fraud.

**Properties**
  - `id`: 
  - `bbs_article_id`: Belong article's [bbs_articles.id](#bbs_articles)
  - `format`
    > Format of body.
    > 
    > Same meaning with extension like `html`, `md`, `txt`.
  - `title`: Title of article.
  - `body`: Content body of article.
  - `created_at`
    > Creation time of record.
    > 
    > It means creation time or update time or article.

### `bbs_article_snapshot_files`
Attachment file of article snapshot.

`bbs_article_snapshot_files` is an entity that shapes the attached files of
the article snapshot.

`bbs_article_snapshot_files` is a typical pair relationship table to 
resolve the M: N relationship between [bbs_article_snapshots](#bbs_article_snapshots) and
[attachment_files](#attachment_files) tables. Also, to ensure the order of the attached
files, it has an additional `sequence` attribute, which we will continue to
see in this documents.

**Properties**
  - `id`: 
  - `bbs_article_snapshot_id`: Belonged snapshot's [bbs_article_snapshots.id](#bbs_article_snapshots)
  - `attachment_file_id`: Belonged file's [attachment_files.id](#attachment_files)
  - `sequence`: Sequence of attachment file in the snapshot.

### `bbs_article_comments`
Comment written on an article.

`bbs_article_comments` is an entity that shapes the comments written on an
article.

And for this comment, as in the previous relationship between 
[bbs_articles](#bbs_articles) and [bbs_article_snapshots](#bbs_article_snapshots), the content body 
of the comment is stored in the sub [bbs_article_comment_snapshots](#bbs_article_comment_snapshots) 
table for evidentialism, and a new snapshot record is issued every time 
the comment is modified.

Also, `bbs_article_comments` is expressing the relationship of the 
hierarchical reply structure through the `parent_id` attribute.

**Properties**
  - `id`: 
  - `bbs_article_id`: Belonged article's [bbs_articles.id](#bbs_articles)
  - `parent_id`
    > Parent comment's [bbs_article_comments.id](#bbs_article_comments)
    > 
    > Used to express the hierarchical reply structure.
  - `created_at`: Creation time of comment.
  - `deleted_at`
    > Deletion time of comment.
    > 
    > Do not allow to delete the comment, but just mark it as deleted, 
    > to keep evidence.

### `bbs_article_comment_snapshots`
Snapshot of comment.

`bbs_article_comment_snapshots` is a snapshot entity that contains the 
contents of the comment.

As mentioned in [bbs_article_comments](#bbs_article_comments), designed to keep evidence 
and prevent fraud.

**Properties**
  - `id`: 
  - `bbs_article_comment_id`: Belonged article's [bbs_article_comments.id](#bbs_article_comments)
  - `format`
    > Format of content body.
    > 
    > Same meaning with extension like `html`, `md`, `txt`.
  - `body`: Content body of comment.
  - `created_at`
    > Creation time of record.
    > 
    > It means creation time or update time or comment.

### `bbs_article_comment_snapshot_files`
Attachment file of comment snapshot.

`bbs_article_comment_snapshot_files` is an entity resolving the M:N 
relationship between [bbs_article_comment_snapshots](#bbs_article_comment_snapshots) and 
[attachment_files](#attachment_files) tables.

**Properties**
  - `id`: 
  - `bbs_article_comment_snapshot_id`: Belonged snapshot's [bbs_article_comment_snapshots.id](#bbs_article_comment_snapshots)
  - `attachment_file_id`: Belonged file's [attachment_files.id](#attachment_files)
  - `sequence`
    > Sequence order.
    > 
    > Sequence order of the attached file in the belonged snapshot.